288 support wicked pdf (#358)
github/view_component: README.md

config.view_component.preview_path = "#{Rails.root}/spec/components/previews"
```

> ### Disabling the render monkey patch on < Rails 6.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Disabling the render monkey patch (Rails < 6.1)
```

> In order to [resolve conflicts](https://github.com/github/view_component/issues/288) on `< Rails 6.1` between ViewComponent other gems also monkey patching the `render` method it is possible to configure ViewComponent to not include the render monkey patch using the following config option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to [resolve conflicts](https://github.com/github/view_component/issues/288) on `Rails < 6.1` between ViewComponent other gems also monkey patching the `render` method, it is possible to configure ViewComponent to not include the render monkey patch:
```

`config.view_component.render_monkey_patch_enabled = false # defaults to true`

> If the option is set to `false` ViewComponent will *NOT* monkey patch the render method and it is not possible to render view components using `render`. Instead the method `render_component` will be included in `ActionView` and `ActionController` in order to render view components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the option is set to `false` ViewComponent will *NOT* monkey patch the render method and it is not possible to render view components using `render`. Use `render_component` (or  `render_component_to_string`) instead:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
<%= render_component Component.new(message: "bar") %>
```

> The method `render_component_to_string` also gets included in `ActionController`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|@maxbeizer|@franco|@tbroad-ramsey|@jensljungblad|@bbugh|
|Nashville, TN|Switzerland|Spring Hill, TN|New York, NY|Austin, TX|

> |<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/johannesengl?s=256" alt="johannesengl" width="128" />|||||
> |:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
> |@johannesengl|||||
> |Berlin, Germany|||||

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/johannesengl?s=256" alt="johannesengl" width="128" />|
|:---:|
|@johannesengl|
|Berlin, Germany|
```
